thank you for joining us it's 10 GMT 1
p.m. in Gaza and that's where we begin
this newsour the Israeli military has
been unrelenting in its attacks
targeting refugee camps in the Gaza
Strip tens of thousands of forcibly
displaced Palestinians are Sheltering in
those camps in the center of the strip
Israeli air strikes have intensified on
the bour nerit and magazi camps strikes
across central Gaza have killed at least
15 Palestinians in just the past few
hours and overnight into Friday at least
five people were killed by an Israeli
strike in the nerat camp the mayor of
the camp and two members of his family
were among the victims let's get an
update on the situation on the ground
and speak to aler Tark abum who's
outside ala Hospital in darl Bara
Central Gaza more deadly strikes in the
center of the strip tar why is the
Israeli military focusing on these areas
in particular right now
well generally they are focusing fully
on the entire strip as within the past
couple of hours there was a clear
intensification by the Israeli
bombardments across multiple areas and
in particular again evacuation centers
are the target the Israeli Army has
targeted an evacuation Center a you un
run School in ashati refugee camp in
Gaza City at least three Palestinians
are have been killed while 15 others
being wounded and those who have been
injured have been transferred to the
Baptist Hospital in order to get medical
treatment but the reality sounds really
Grim on the ground as these attacks as
well continued to destroy residential
buildings specifically in the southern
part of Gaza where more than 10
Palestinians from the same family have
been killed in kanun city after the
house was completely reduced to the rle
but we have been also hearing loud
explosions in darl bah town where at
least two Palestinians reported killed
after being directly hit with a drone
missile after they were just trying to
get back to the houses and that is
absolutely the situation on the ground
the hospital right now is struggling to
deal with the uh patients and even the
wounded people who arrived to the
hospital within the past couple of hours
as the medical situation is completely
very dire and apocalyptic generally due
to the fact that there is a very deep
sever shortage of all kind of basic
supplies as still now the number of
casualties uh might really accelerate
and and dries within the coming
hours tar thank you very much for
bringing us a latest day on the
situation in Gaza a very Grim situation
as you heard Tark kazum in darl Bala
Central Gaza